# `UnityCsProjectConverter`

Unity Editor extension to override `<Project>` header in .csproj generated by Unity without effort. To import extension as a UPM package, add the following git url in Unity Package Manager.

```
https://github.com/sator-imaging/Csproj.Sdk.git?path=Unity
```

> `?path=Unity` suffix is required

Configuration options are available in `Unity Editor > File > C# Project` menu.



# `Csproj.Sdk.Void`

Editor extension will add latest version of `Csproj.Sdk.Void` SDK package by default. When you need to specify certain version or other SDK package, see the following section.



# Use Custom SDK

You can use your own sdk by setting like as follows.
```cs
UnityCsProjectConverter.CustomSdkNameAndVersion = "MyApp.Sdk/1.0.0";
```

Note that you need to disable "Use Void SDK" option in `File > C# Project` menu or by C# script.
```cs
UnityCsProjectConverter.Prefs.Instance.UseVoidSdk = false;
```

> [!TIP]
> Use builtin "Void" SDK and customize with the following override files for `.csproj` allows flexible and efficient property management.



# `.csproj` Overrides

Extension will add the following overrides to `.csproj`.

- Unity project folder
    - `<ProjectFolderName>.UnityShared.props`
    - `<ProjectFolderName>.UnityShared.targets`
    - `<ProjectFolderName>.UnityEditor.props` (see *note*)
    - `<ProjectFolderName>.UnityEditor.targets` (see *note*)
- Unity project or ascendant folder
    - `Directory.Build.props` (by msbuild)
    - `Directory.Build.targets` (by msbuild)

> [!NOTE]
> `.props` overrides loaded in earlier stage of parsing `.csproj` file and then `.targets` overrides loaded around end of parse.
> 
> `UnityEditor` override is loaded later than `UnityShared` and only loaded in Unity Editor environment ***except for building app in Editor***.



# Visual Studio Code + Unity

It seems that recent update to `Visual Studio Editor` package (not Visual Studio ***Code*** Editor, take care) will allow VS Code to being used for Unity development.

I am not sure on VS Code dev environment for Unity but I heard official support by Unity had been discontinued. As of described above, try using **Visual Studio** package for **VS Code** development.
